## Guiding Generation for Abstractive Text Summarization Based on Key Information Guide Network

Implemented a LSTM-based encoder architecture for learning the representation of keywords extracted using the TextRank
algorithm from all the articles in the dataset, and then fed that encoded representation along with the news article to
be summarized to an only attention-based pointer-generator network to produce a summary as given in [1]. Further,
to guide the network to produce better summaries, the paper implements a prediction-guide mechanism based on [2]
which involved using a value estimation network to choose among the best k summaries generated by the beam search
decoding process. Successfully reproduced the results of the paper on the CNN/DailyMail news dataset [3].


Implementation based on the <a href="https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/N18-2009.pdf">paper</a> -

```Li, Chenliang, et al. "Guiding generation for abstractive text summarization based on key information guide network." Proceedings of the 2018 Conference of the North American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Human Language Technologies, Volume 2 (Short Papers). 2018.```

### References
1. C. Li, W. Xu, S. Li, and S. Gao, “Guiding generation for abstractive text summarization based on key information guide network,” in
Proceedings of the 2018 Conference of the North American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Human Language
Technologies, Volume 2 (Short Papers). New Orleans, Louisiana: Association for Computational Linguistics, Jun. 2018, pp. 55–60. Available <a href="https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/N18-2009">here</a>.
2. D. He, H. Lu, Y. Xia, T. Qin, L. Wang, and T.-Y. Liu, “Decoding with value networks for neural machine translation,” in Proceedings of
the 31st International Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems, ser. NIPS’17. USA: Curran Associates Inc., 2017, pp.
  177–186. Available <a href="http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3294771.3294788">here</a>.
3. K. M. Hermann, T. Kočiský, E. Grefenstette, L. Espeholt, W. Kay, M. Suleyman, and P. Blunsom, “Teaching machines to read and
comprehend,” in Proceedings of the 28th International Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems - Volume 1, ser. NIPS’15.
Cambridge, MA, USA: MIT Press, 2015, pp. 1693–1701. Available <a href="http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2969239.2969428">here</a>.
